Come back I hope you manage to go for quiz for comments and easily answer the questions correctly and
then you of course can skip this for you.
Otherwise let's have a look at the questions.
So first of all we have this question which characters do start a comment in Python which should not
be executed as code.
And if we check that out we can see a is a hash then B is double star.
C is a percentage sign and D is a dollar sign and the correct answer here is a.
So the mantra.
So if you want to create a line of code which is common to doubt then you can simply use to hash sign
or hash key.
Now question number two which numbers are output when the following program executes.
So print 1 print 2 but with a hash at the beginning.
Print 3 and print four with a hash at the beginning.
So what that does is print does it print out A B C or D.
Well a is one two three four.
So all of them would be print out.
B is non.
So none of the four would be printed out.
C is 2 and 4.
So this line and that line so two and four will be executed or D where only 1 and 3 would be printed
onto the console.
And you can of course test it any time if you really want to make sure you understood it.
But here it's very basic.
We are just saying OK this line of code is executed because there is no hash.
This line of code is not going to be executed because there is a hash at the start of the line and this
line neither.
So print 1 and print 3 will be executed.
So we only get 1 and 3 on to the console.
And that's why D is the correct answer.